Update integration methods (#40)
Adyen/adyen-prestashop: README.md

Use Adyen's plugin for PrestaShop to offer frictionless payments online, in-app, and in-store.

## Integration

> The plugin integrates card component(Secured Fields) using Adyen Checkout for all card payments. Localpayment methods are integrated with Checkout Payment Methods.

Reviewer: add a space. Local payment methods.

> The plugin integrates card component(Secured Fields) using Adyen Checkout for all card payments. Local/redirect payment methods are integrated with Checkout Payment Methods.

Reviewer: let's call it local payment methods and remove the redirect. As this is how we group all payment methods now.

Author: ```suggestion
The plugin integrates card component(Secured Fields) using Adyen Checkout for all card payments. Localpayment methods are integrated with Checkout Payment Methods.
```
